.TH TOR_UTIL
.SH NAME
.B tor_util \-
Send a few Select API Commands to The Onion Router(TOR)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tor_util
.IR [-?]
.IR [-t]
.IR [-w\ PASSWORD]
.IR [-V]
.IR [-h\ HOST]
.IR [-p\ PORT]
.IR <COMMAND>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Utility for controling The Onion Router(TOR) via the API. Command line version.

Does Two Things:
1. Send commands to the API over the network
2. Generates hashed passwords for use in the torrc file

Takes/needs one command and one command only.

API Host, Port, and Password as specified as a JSON file in
~/.config/tor_util/config, or can be overridden with switches

.SH TOR API COMMMANDS
.TP
.BR new_ip
Sends the NEWNYM command which gets a new IP. This generates new tunnels, and
with it, a new exit node that has a new IP.
.TP
.BR flush_dns
Flushes DNS cache on TOR daemon.
.TP
.BR dormant_mode
Turns Dormant Mode On. See TOR documentation for more details on Dormant Mode
.TP
.BR active_mode
Turns Dormant Mode Off. See TOR Docuemtnation for more details on Dormant Mode
.TP
.BR tor_version
Queries the TOR Daemon version

.SH UTILITY COMMANDS
.TP
.BR gen_passwd_hash
Generates a password hash for use in torrc. Uses password from config or
specified in options section
.TP
.BR touch_config
Quit after generating config. Useful for first run.

.SH OPTIONS
.BR "\-?, --help"
\t Autogenerated help

.BR "\-t, --password-prompt"
\t Prompt for password, overriding config

.BR "\-w <PASSWORD>, --password <PASSWORD>"
\t Specify password, override config

.BR "\-h <HOST>, --host <HOST>"
Address/Hostname of TOR daemon

.BR "\-p <PORT>, --port <PORT>"
Port of TOR Daemon

.BR "\-V, --version"
\t Print Version and Exit

.SH SEE ALSO
\fItor\fR(1)
